there are said to be at least three Game
of Thrones spin-off shows in the works
HP has been very secretive about this
but last night they released an
exclusive first look at one of them
which revives a beloved character we
thought was gone and giving him a new
life and a new TV family
all right Joey you got this
oh no I don't got this
Danny Jamie help what's up Joey well I'm
in a bit of a pickle
Jamie you want to take a stab at this
you got it dude
geez we just needed a hand why didn't
you say so cut it off I was just kidding
oh no no it's not that I I just need
some air
[Music]
hey uncle Jamie what's up but it's my
sister I'm gonna fight of course Jamie
sometimes siblings fight it's perfectly
natural but you got to work this out
she's your sister and she'll always be
there for you no matter what no it's
just I got her pregnant again yeah well
good talk man
I know I know cut it out no I was gonna
say quit your sister
[Applause]
[Music]
that is
[Applause]
[Music]
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment